# Text-based-Language-Learning
Update: 9 November 2019. The programs included here have been improved. The instructions below are old and will change as soon as I make a new repository with the new program files.

Before running the main program (TbLLT_v04.py), user needs to create a directory to store his/her files. In addition, vocabulary files should be designated with a filename (.txt) carrying the suffix -VOC, e.g. econcrisis-VOC.txt. Similarly, the foreign language text chosen for study should be saved with a file name carrying the suffix -TEX, e.g. econcrisis-TEX.txt, while -RAN should be the suffix for the translation files, e.g. econcrisis-RAN.txt. The user may wish to create a .txt file to act as 'filter' of foreign language texts under study. I have already included such a file, the known-words.txt, which includes all the German words that I know. Initially, I created the 'filter' using a text editor, typed the words separated with a comma, and saved as the file as .txt, UTF-8 encoding. USE THE OTHER .txt FILES with the VOCAB version Python program(s). These are vocabularies for any user to take a vocabulary test.
The program window can be minimized from the left and bottom sides to allow visibility only of the Vocabulary Area. This makes it convenient for the user to find the meaning of unknown words using online dictonaries which can also be minimized to cover half the screen. To test your knowledge of created vocabularies, use the VOCAB_v01.py. Press the red button (FLIP) to test yourself the other way around, i.e. source to target or target to source language.
More information will be provided in the README file which is empty at this point.
The last two newer versions allow user to do web-scrapping for unknown words.
